
Additional instructions for compiling the
universal converter... since it needs Microsoft's 
DirectX  which is a pretty big file..
There are 2 solutions:


Solution 1:

Comment out the code that DOES NOT
COMPILE...; e,g, code that refers to
"DDSURFACEDESC2" or to textures of type ".DDS" 
which is a microsoft direct X format. You will never
need to have textures of that type... So for you
it will not matter...

Do it in such a way that you can add it
back later if you get the download for
solution 2 to work..; e.g., use a comment like

    /* Comment out .DDS code
        ...
    *./



Solution 2: Go to the microsoft site
and download the Microsoft DirectX SDK.
When you install it, it will want you to install it
in "Program Files" and will look like 
"Program Files\Microsoft Direct X SDK" but
the name will be slightly different.

Once installed, go to your C++ editor and open
menu "Tools" submenu "Options" and then 
click on the "Directories" tab...

You will find that there are 4 menus entries,
two of which you should make some additions to,
namely "Include files" and "library files"...

For "include files", you need to ADD TWO lines like
	C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\VC98\INCLUDE
	C:\Program files\XXXX\INCLUDE

The firstline is so that system .h files can be found.
The second line is so that directX .h files can be found.
Repeat: I wrote XXXX above because I don't know the actual name.
It will be something like "Microsoft Direct X SDK". You 
will be able to look in the "Program Files" folder to
find out what the actual name is AFTER YOU HAVE INSTALLED
DIRECTX.

Also, if you are using a .NET version of the editor, then
even the name of the first INCLUDE folder will be different.
So look then BOTH up...

For "library files", you need to ADD one line like
	C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\VC98\LIB

This addition is so that .lib files can be found... Again,
look it up to find the actual name..


Then compilation should work...


Let me know how you do...


 Wilf
 